c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\24dentistasdelisboa.dll.config
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\24dentistasdelisboa.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\24dentistasdelisboa.pdb
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\businesslogic.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\cms.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\controls.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Examine.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\ImageProcessor.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\ImageProcessor.Web.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\interfaces.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\MiniProfiler.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\TidyNet.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Umbraco.Core.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.editorControls.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.providers.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\UmbracoExamine.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewriter.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\businesslogic.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\cms.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\controls.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\interfaces.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\obj\Debug\24dentistasdelisboa.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\obj\Debug\24dentistasdelisboa.dll
c:\users\rui\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\24dentistasdelisboa\24dentistasdelisboa\obj\Debug\24dentistasdelisboa.pdb
